my favorite seven SEO strategies I've
been in the SEO game for a while and
I've seen many Trends come and go but
one thing that stayed the same people
love using search engines to figure
things out and that's not changing
anytime soon in fact 68 of online
experiences begin with the search engine
and of those searches 91 of them happen
on no other than Google and businesses
are going to keep on investing in SEO
because it works 61 of B2B marketers
said that SEO and organic traffic
strategies generate more leads than any
other marketing tactic do you want to
know how I stay on top of the SEO game
again I've been in this space for a
while and I have a few strategies that I
love returning to over and over and over
again because they work so let's Dive
Right into them strategy one choose
relevant keywords find the right mix of
short and long tail keywords and use
tools like uber says to generate keyword
suggestions and content ideas so here's
what you want to do you want to go to
ubersuggest.com type in any keyword
these are keywords related to your
industry so for example I'm in the
marketing world right I have an ad
agency called NP digital where we help
companies like yours grow their traffic
through digital marketing so I may type
in keywords like digital marketing or
Performance Marketing and what Uber says
will do is it'll show me all the
keywords that are relevant to Myspace in
many cases you will see up to a million
other keywords so these are all the
other keywords related to the one that
you just typed in
some of them are questions some of them
are prepositions some are just long tail
variations it'll tell you how
competitive they are how easy are they
are to rank for how much traffic you
potentially get if you rank at the top
so these will give you ideas of what
keyword you should go after and what I
love about Uber says is it tells you
what keywords you have the potential to
rain for so when you put in your domain
it'll tell you what keywords you have a
shop for ranking for on page one because
if you're going after terms like credit
cards or auto insurance from day one
you're gonna have a hard chance ranking
on the top of page one
strategy 2 optimize for voice search 58
of consumers use voice search to find
information about a local business
online voice search is booming it's a
multi-billion dollar industry it's
growing super fast have you ever tried
purchasing something on Alexa well if
you haven't you should try and do so
according to comscore more than 50
percent of people in the United States
have tried out voice search that's a
huge number so what you want to do is
make sure you go out there and optimize
your site for voice search a lot of the
things that people are asking will say
Alexa or Google or their Siri they're
asking questions so what I want you to
do is go to answerthepublic.com type in
cures relate to your space similar to
what you did in strategy one with Uber
suggests and it'll give you all the
long-term questions people are asking
for now if you go and create questions
related to your space you don't want to
do it about being Olympian unless you're
in the athletic space but if you do it
for your space and answer the public
we'll tell you all these terms and
create a page of content on each of them
and be super thorough you'll find that
you'll get more voice traffic search
over time strategy three make your
website mobile friendly Mobile accounts
for 58 of searches on Google but here's
the thing if your website loads slow
mobile devices
no one's going to want to really visit
it if your website doesn't look really
good on a device like this
no one's going to want to really look at
it again you got to optimize your site
for mobile that means you got to do a
responsive design that means you got to
optimize your site to load fast Uber
suggests if you go back to it put in
your URL in the site audit report it'll
tell you what you need to fix to make
sure that your website loads fast in
addition to that
if you ensure that your website is also
on a CDN it'll help your website load
faster as well because a CDN is a
Content delivery Network it puts your
website on servers all over the world so
that way even though my website is
hosted in Austin Texas is someone in
India visits my website the CDN shows
them the website from a server in India
if someone from the UK visits my website
the CDN shows in my website from a
server in the UK that way they don't
have to travel all the way to Austin
Texas for their connection more so to
pull up my website which ensures that
your website loads faster and that's
super important especially on mobile
devices because even if someone's on 5G
or LTE or whatever these you know latest
internet connections are called it
doesn't mean that they're in a spot that
actually has that kind of reception so
you want to make sure that your website
is very compatible for mobile devices
and use a CDN strategy 4 optimize your
title tags title tags between 15 and 40
characters have a 8.6 percent higher
click through rate than lengthier ones
in addition to that if your keyword that
you someone is searching for is not in
your title tag you're less likely to get
those clicks as well titles that evoke
curiosity also generate more clicks
example of this is the five benefits of
green tea now number three will shock
you whoa what's number three it's gonna
Shock Me that's the example of evoking
curiosity and that will help you get
more clicks strategy five improve site
speed nearly 70 percent of consumers
said that page speed impacts their
willingness to buy from online retailers
Google also looks at page speed as a
metric to determine how high you should
rank we also already talked about cdns
we already talked about putting your
site in the Uber suggest uh app and when
you put it in if you look at the site
audit report it'll tell you everything
that you need to fix to make sure that
your website loads fast
but also make sure that your coat is
clean you're on a CDN you got a fast
server all those things will ensure that
you can also rank higher
strategy 6 prioritize backlinks 53 of
SEO experts believe that backlinkling
will one day be as important as search
it's one of the biggest factors when it
comes to Google's algorithm look if
other people don't link to you you're
not going to do as well now what I want
you to do is go to neilpatel.com
backlinks
and then put in your url you'll then be
taken to the ubersus app but within the
link reports there's a backlink
opportunities report click on it I want
you it already has your url I want you
to also add your three main competitors
it'll then show you all the people that
link to multiple competitors but not you
see here's the thing if someone's
willing to link to not just one but two
but three of your competitors there's a
good chance that they're not really
loyal to just one of your competitors
they don't care they're just linking to
whoever has great content I want you to
reach out to those sites if someone's
linking to multiple competitors and you
reach out to them and tell them how you
have better content better designs
better product better service whatever
it may be there's a really high chance
that they'll link to you because they're
already linked to multiple people within
your space
and last but not least strategy seven
perform audits check for manual actions
organic traffic numbers https related
issues index issues and more you can do
this within Google search console and
you should also go to neilpatel.com SEO
Dash analyzer type in url and it'll run
a report on your whole site and tell you
what you need to fix in order of what's
easiest to fix and what will also
provide the biggest lift in your
rankings if you do that you'll start
ranking higher now if you want my team
to just do all this for you check out my
Ad Agency NP digital where we help
companies like yours grow and if you
just have any questions leave a comment
below we're here to help you out make
sure you subscribe like this video share
it with others thank you for watching